Learning Progress Tracker

- Stage 1: Setup the core of your program: read input, detect a pre.defined set of commans, and responde accordingly.
- Stage 2: Verify new users by checking their registration information. In this stafe, your program should read information about users form the console and verify that it matches certain patterns.
- Stage 3:This time, we will add users to the data store and update their records as the new learning data becomes available. 
  - Check if the provided email has been already used when adding information about students. If so, respond with the following message: This email is already taken.
  - Recognize the new list command to print the Students: a header followed by the student IDs. The students must be listed in the order they were added. Remember, each ID must be unique. If there are no students to list, print No students found.
  - Recognize the new add points and print the following message in response: Enter an id and points or 'back' to return. After that, the program must read learning progress data in the following format: studentId number number number number. The numbers correspond to the courses (Java, DSA, Databases, Spring). Number is a non-negative integer number. If there is no student with the specified ID, the program should print No student is found for id=%s. where %s is the invalid ID. Also, if any of the numbers are missing, or there is an extra number or any of the numbers do not meet the requirements mentioned above, the program should print Incorrect points format. If the learning progress data is entered in the correct format, and the specified user exists, the program should update the student's record and print Points updated. Once back is entered, the program must stop reading learning progress data.
  - Recognize the find command and print the following message: Enter an id or 'back' to return. After that, if an ID is entered, the program should either print details of the student with the specified ID in this format: id points: Java=%d; DSA=%d; Databases=%d; Spring=%dwhere %d is the respective number of points earned by the student. If the ID cannot be found, print the error message: No student is found for id=%s. where %s is the invalid ID.
- Stage 4: It would be a good idea to know which course is the most popular, which is the hardest to beat, and so on. For this purpose, you need to add new features to your program: it must provide the statistics about each course and track the performance of each student in each course.
  - Add a new command to your program's toolkit: statistics. If users enter this command, your program should output the header: Type the name of a course to see details or 'back' to quit and six lines with the following information: Most popular, Least popular, Highest activity, Lowest activity, Easiest course, Hardest course with the names of the corresponding courses. After that, if users enter a course name, the program should display the details of this course, but if users enter a name that doesn't correspond to any of the courses, the program should print Unknown course. When the back command is entered, the program goes back to other available commands
  - When users enter the statistics command, your program must display the details about any course. When users type in the name of a course, the program should display the name of the course in the first line, then the column headers, and a list of student IDs, their total points in the respective course, and the percent of completion (one decimal place precision). If a course has no students, output only the name of the course and the column headers.
  - Course details are available only after users enter statistics, they should not be available with the back. If users type in any course name before entering the statistics command, the program must respond with the Unknown command! message.
  - Sort student lists by the total number of points in descending order and then by the ID in ascending order.
- Your Learning Progress Tracker is fine, but it is missing a few important features. We need to know which students have completed which courses and send the acknowledgments of their success, as well as personal certificates to them. Remember we asked students to specify their full names and email addresses? Now it's time to use this personal information to contact the top students.
  - Add a new command to your program: notify. When users enter this command, your program should print a list of messages to students in the format above. Below the list, print the total number of students that should be notified, for example: Total 5 students have been notified.
  - Make sure that your program generates only one notification for each trigger event. The trigger event is the completion of any course by a student.
  - The messages generated by your program must contain the personal information of the students, such as an email address and the full name, as well as the name of the relevant course, if applicable.